Update launchdarkly manifest to V2 (#1025)
DataDog/integrations-extras: launchdarkly/README.md

# LaunchDarkly integration

## Overview

> The [LaunchDarkly][1] integration for Datadog brings flag event markers to your monitoring dashboards, so you can see the effects of your LaunchDarkly feature deployments on your customer's services or systems. For instance, if a deployed feature causes a service to slow down, you can see the cause within Datadog. Additionally you can use the LaunchDarkly flags dashboard widget to seamlessly monitor and perform a feature go-live from a single window. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [LaunchDarkly][1] app for Datadog brings flag event markers to your monitoring dashboards, so you can see the effects of your LaunchDarkly feature deployments on your customer's services or systems. For instance, if a deployed feature causes a service to slow down, you can see the cause within Datadog. Additionally you can use the LaunchDarkly flags dashboard widget to seamlessly monitor and perform a feature go-live from a single window. 
```

> # LaunchDarkly integration for Datadog

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# LaunchDarkly integration
```

## Overview

> [LaunchDarkly](https://launchdarkly.com/) is the world's leading Feature Management Platform serving over 20 trillion feature flags daily to help software teams build better software, faster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> The LaunchDarkly integration for Datadog brings flag event markers to your monitoring dashboards, so you can see the effects of your LaunchDarkly feature deployments on your customer's services or systems. For instance, if a deployed feature causes a service to slow down, you would be able to see the cause within Datadog. Additionally you can employ the LaunchDarkly flags dashboard widget to seamlessly monitor and perform a feature go-live from a single window. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [LaunchDarkly][1] integration for Datadog brings flag event markers to your monitoring dashboards, so you can see the effects of your LaunchDarkly feature deployments on your customer's services or systems. For instance, if a deployed feature causes a service to slow down, you can see the cause within Datadog. Additionally you can use the LaunchDarkly flags dashboard widget to seamlessly monitor and perform a feature go-live from a single window. 
```

## Setup

> This integration will need a [Datadog API key][2]. Only Datadog admins can create an API key. Once you've obtained a Datadog API key, visit the [LaunchDarkly documentation for the Datadog integration][3] to learn how to setup the LaunchDarkly integration for Datadog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This integration uses a [Datadog API key][2], which can be created by a Datadog admin. Once you obtain a Datadog API key, visit the [LaunchDarkly documentation for the Datadog integration][3] to learn how to setup the LaunchDarkly integration for Datadog.
```

> **Note**: In order to set it up, you need a valid [Datadog API key][2].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

# LaunchDarkly integration

## Overview

LaunchDarkly provides the following integrations with Datadog: 

### Events integration

The [LaunchDarkly][1] app for Datadog brings flag event markers to your monitoring dashboards, so you can see the effects of your LaunchDarkly feature deployments on your customer's services or systems. For instance, if a deployed feature causes a service to slow down, you can see the cause within Datadog. 

> ### Dashboard widget

Author: @alexvetras, I decided to call this this "Dashboard widget" instead of the "LaunchDarkly app." Let me know if you would like me to change it back.

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Contact [LaunchDarkly Support][3].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact [Datadog Support][4].
```

## Further Reading

> Learn more about [LaunchDarkly][1] and this integration [here][3].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn more about [LaunchDarkly][1] and [this integration][3].
```

[1]: https://launchdarkly.com
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#api
[3]: https://docs.launchdarkly.com/docs/datadog

> [4]: https://support.launchdarkly.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
> [5]: https://launchdarkly.com

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/
```
